rewrite password model about how things can fail (#251)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

appraisal policy.

There are three ways in which the process may fail.

> First, the Verifier may refuse to issue the Attestation Result due to the Evidence not passing the Appraisal Policy for Evidence.

Author: ```suggestion
First, the Verifier may not issue a positive Attestation Result due to the Evidence not passing the Appraisal Policy for Evidence.
```

The second way in which the process may fail is when the Attestation Result is examined by the Relying Party, and based upon the Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results, the result does not pass the policy.

> The third way is when the Verifier is unreachable.

Author: ```suggestion
The third way is when the Verifier is unreachable or unavailable.
```
